--- 
title: Where I've been, and where I'm going
date: 18/06/2010

Since I've last spoken to you all, I've had an exciting time. To be honest,
the buzz is worn off. I'm fully entrenched into the day-in day-out lifestyle.
Not that it's entirely drab, just I'm not bouncing off the walls in hyper
anticipation. Just thought you'd want to know.

But what did have me bouncing off the walls? Well, for one. I **graduated
high school**! Yes sir, I'm out of that hell hole. Well, half of it. The
worse half.  Don't worry, I'll get to that part soon.

Also, I got a job! But I actually had this job for a week before I
graduated. How?  'The System,' that's how. Apparently, the last day for high
school seniors is May 28. (At least, this year it was.) The graduation
itself is almost 1.5 weeks later, on May 7. Having to make me wait,
sheesh. And! They don't actually hand you the diploma as you walk across
the stage. While I understand it's pretty common across America, it kinda
ruins the whole thing. All they hand you is a cover for the diploma. What's
the point? To shake hands with a whole lot of senior officials that don't
really care about you individually, but rather the number of us that did
graduate? Yeah, my true feelings about my alma matter, Col. Zadok Magruder
High School, of Rockville, MD in Montgomery County, aren't that positive.

On the other hand, in 11th grade, junior year, I was granted an *amazing*
opportunity, and I'm glad I took it. Different from a magnet program, I was
accepted to TEHST, Thomas Edison High School of Technology. I spend half
my school day (in the morning) at Magruder HS, take a school-provided bus
to Edison, spend the next half there, and take the same bus back to catch
the normal take-me-home bus. No extension of the day, so no pressure on
parents, and because I have to take a school bus, I get to cut 2 classes
from my schedule!  A great thing, I think, but it does hinder getting all
the requisite credits for graduation. Sadly, the buses also cut a bit into
my lunch as well. C'est la vie.

I digress, let me talk to you some more about this job I have. It's not some
'typical teenager' job, say at the grocery. Oh no, I'm got a paid internship!
In Ruby! Brilliant if I may say so. Want to know who hooked me up with the
interview? My Thomas Edison teacher, Mr. Jesse McGee. Like I said, TEHST
is awesome. The internship is at Econify, and started June 1. It would
have started on the previous 31st, except that was Memorial Day. Oh well.

Getting a job, graduating high school. It's great. Now I just have a few
things left this summer.

First off, come next Monday, the 21st, I'm going to fly to Kansas City,
Missouri.  "What?!? You're moving? So soon! What about your internship?" you
may ask. No, I'm not. TEHST is part of this nice national organization
called SkillsUSA. I got first place in the state level last March. Yay
me! That got me a ticket to Nationals, which kicks off next Monday.
Awesome! Now I'm going to have to compete against 50 other people (all
who got first place) in the same competition. What competition? "Technical
Computer Applications", it's called. In a *very* simplified explanation,
it's 3+ hours of Microsoft Office. Designing Word(TM) documents, using
an Access(TM) database to fill in a mail merge, drawing pretty graphs and
charts and tables in Excel(TM), etc. Yeah, has to be Microsoft Office. Can
not use Open Office. Sucks balls, I know. Anyways, I've been mucking around
with the stuff, and I'm going into it head-first. Wish me luck? With hope
I can get into the top 3, given a national medal, and you know, look good.
Hopefully I won't be last. :)

After that, the next 'big' thing isn't 'til August. The annual Shea
week-long vacation in our time share in the mountains. The week also happens
to intersect with my birthday! I plan on bowling then. Who doesn't like
bowling?

Finally, I'm going to college! Yeah, me. Going to Tempe, AZ. Nice college called
UAT, University of Advancing Technology. For 4 years, I estimate it'll cost me
about $100k. Gotta love tuition.
