title: A child's own thing and the parent's rights to it
date: 31/03/2010

I guess this is when I actually start using my blog, for rants, developer speak
etc. You see, I actually have something to blog about, not just some random
placation of the once-a-week blogging goal. Rather, I'm going to reach into
my experience, which is funnily enough between this post and my previous. **Less
than 24 hours passed, and something blog worthy happened.**

> Every moment is an experience.
>  -- Jake Roberts

It happened at dinner. Normally, I take an hour to eat a meal while my parents
(and even my brother) would only take 15 minutes to wolf it down. Why such the
discrepancy? No idea, really, but I think it's a matter of how fast I chew, and
how many times I do chew. I also get distracted pretty easily, but at the same
time I'm watch the TV instead of eating, so are other members of the family,
yet they still finish, so that idea isn't as good.

Regardless, my dad had already finished dinner, and earlier today I had bought
a copy of Discover's *The Brain*, a one off presentation of articles, all about
the brain, of course. One of the front cover titles was entertainingly called
"How Hormones Wrecked Wall Street." Funny enough to warrant a reading, and Dad
brought it to the attention of everyone. We all agreed it was funny enough, then
I moved to grab the magazine, and read it a little. (While also eating, which
isn't hard at all. I find a certain subset of multitasking works for me.)

At that moment, when I'm just about to open it, he (Dad) rips the magazine *from
my hands!* Now, I'm thoroughly pissed off, and rightly so, I think. I ask for the
magazine back, repeatedly. I even try grabbing it back, but instead I miss as he
is throwing his hands back and forth, even holding it behind him so I can't get
it. (He is large enough that I can't reach around.) After a little bit of this,
along with plenty of yelling back and forth, he moves to the living room, still
with the magazine, and still refusing to give it back, even after I ask, both
nicely and forcefully. Even my mother, who was in the kitchen throughout this
entire ordeal, tells Dad to give it back. He still refuses.

I hadn't finished dinner yet, so there was still food on my plate. Dad's demand
was that I start eating before he will give me back the magazine, also, he
would read the magazine while I eat. Again, because I eat slowly, he said he'll
finish reading it before I'm done. I didn't agree to his "terms" as all I wanted
was the magazine back, then I would promptly return to eating. He wouldn't budge,
neither would I, so we were at an impasse. An attempt by Mom for her to hold the
magazine until I'm done so that both of us would be appeased was attempted, but
Dad still wouldn't let go. Not that I really wanted that.

I had even asked for an apology, which I was willing to accept in lieu of
actually getting back the magazine promptly. Dad did say an apology, but
it wasn't sincere or heart-felt in even the slightest manner. How could I
tell? While he was in the living room, and I was still asking for either
the magazine back, or a true apology, he started reading the article! (
"How Hormones Wrecked Wall Street", mentioned earlier.) When he said the
apology, he didn't look at me, he didn't stop reading, he muttered it, in
a monotone voice, and when I asked him if he really meant it, as these clues
pointed to him not, all he did was utter an "uh huh", again in a monotone.

When he finally finished, he got up, I took the magazine back, and started
eating. Of course, he didn't apologize after the fact, and even threatened me
if I were to do something similar again. (I presume he was talking about me
standing up until I got the magazine back, refusing to eat.)

My question is, was I really being too selfish? Wasn't my father in the wrong
for stealing my magazine? I do think he was, that I was right to stand up and
demand the magazine. Note, also, that he & I have quite the argumentative
relationship, so this whole situation isn't an isolated event, it's almost a
recurring thing. Now, I can't recall the details of every time we got into a
yelling match, but I'm sure almost all the times he sparked the argument, while
I did raise it into a yelling match.
